---
layout: mypost
title: 投稿记录
categories: [科研, 记录]
---



今年的最后一个月拿到了IJSEKE的审稿意见，大早上就收到老板的QQ消息，一边草草说了一下稿子被拒的事情，一边push PF2TC的工作，真的麻了:upside_down_face: 看了一下审稿意见，英文写作不太OK，和QRS的审稿意见一样，都说了motivation和实验的问题，叙述得不清楚，第三个审稿意见还直接把内容理解错了......:sweat_smile:



<div id="divLetterContents">
    Ref.:  Ms. No. IJSEKE-D-22-00082<br>Automatic generation of system-level security test framework from semi-formal natural language<br>Int'l Journal of Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering<br>
    Dear Dr. Zhi Li,<br>
    Reviewers' comments on your work have now been received.  You will see that they are advising against publication of your work.  Therefore I must reject it.<br>
    For your guidance, I append the reviewers' comments below.<br>
    Thank you for giving us the opportunity to consider your work.<br>
    Yours sincerely<br>
    Shi-Kuo Chang<br>Editor-in-Chief<br>Int'l Journal of Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering<br>
    Reviewers' comments:
</div>
<div id="review">
    <h3>Reviewer #1:</h3> 
    The author's description of the method and the overall structure of the paper are relatively clear. However, there are serious problems in the motivation and experiment of the paper.<br>
    1. The authors did not express their motivation or inspiration clearly. For example, although authors claimed "Using requirements templates, i.e. restricted natural language, to represent requirements can solve such problems.", the reasons were not explained. Authors claimed "However, EARS is inadequate for elaborating the environment of complex CPS behaviors and its requirements.", so what is the disadvantage of EARS, please give specific examples. I suggest that the authors clearly express motivation and the advantages of proposed method, rather than a simple statement which will confuse the reader.<br>
    2. There are serious problems in the experimental part. There is no description of the evaluation index or even any comparison method in this paper. Therefore, how the effectiveness and time efficiency of the proposed method can be proved? <br>
    3. There were many syntax and other errors, such as "The environment in which Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) are located is often closely connected to the daily activities of users, so it is vital to ensure that the CPS does not run into errors that could have an impact on the environment in which it is operating and cause financial loss, particularly, testing of security-critical systems helps to avoid unexpected behaviours that could lead to catastrophic events[3][4]." In this paper, I suggest that the author re-examine the paper carefully.<br><br><br>
    <h3>Reviewer #2:</h3> 
    1. the writing of the paper needs to be further polished. For example, in the first paragraph, the author wrote, "There are many factors that affect software security, of which the environment is also an important factor[8][7]", which is a bit weird. It would be better if the author used "There are many factors that affect software security, such as the environment." Besides, the author should avoid citing [8] before [7].<br><br>
    2. some points the author gave need to be more solidly supported. For example, the author said, "Using requirements templates, i.e. restricted natural language, to represent requirements can solve such problems", but no reference is provided here. Citing references properly to support your points is essential. Besides, the author proposed EARS+, an extension of EARS, as one of their major contribution. But the original paper of EARS [1] was not even cited.<br><br>[1] Mavin, Alistair, et al. "Easy approach to requirements syntax (EARS)." 17th IEEE International Requirements Engineering Conference. 2009<br><br>
    3. The current shortcomings of EARS should be explained more clearly. For example, the author first said, "Furthermore, timing requirements are important to real-time systems, in which data-intensive computations play a key role", then the author said, "thus dealing with large amounts of data can have a great impact on the security and quality of the software". I can hardly understand why would the first sentence be the reason or cause for the latter sentence, as the author used "thus" as a conjunction. Nothing about data affecting the security and quality of the software is discussed in the first sentence, and the author goes straight to the conclusion that it "has a great impact on the security and quality of the software". <br><br>The audience can only understand the intuition of the paper if the current shortcomings of EARS are explained clearly.<br><br>
    4. The authors discussed in the related work that the existing extensions of EARS did not deal with the relationships between requirements. But these point was confusing. First of all, the point of novelty was never mentioned in the introduction, and no explanation on the intuition of it was provided. Besides, what does the "relationships between requirements" means? No definition or description about it is given. <br><br><br><br>Generally, the paper need to be carefully revised before submission. The delivery of the paper need to be improved, as well as English writing.<br><br><br><br>
    <h3>Reviewer #3:</h3> 
    This paper proposes a framework to automatically generate test cases for cyber-physical systems (CPS) using an extended EARS+ requirement specification. The work is very interesting because CPS systems have been widely used in many areas and the security issue is important for CPS systems. Three data sets are used to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed framework. The experimental results show that the proposed framework effectively generates test cases. <br><br>Extending an existing requirement specification EARS is interesting. However, many points need to be improved further in the paper. Here are the comments about this work.<br><br>
    1. This paper mentions that the proposed generation framework is designed for CPS. However, characteristics of CPS, security issues of CPS, and related work of CPS are not introduced or described. In addition, there is no CPS related dataset used in the experiments. The paper should be revised to emphasize this part.<br>
    2. This paper should provide enough descriptions of EARS as a subsection. To explain the EARS+ design, this paper does not provide enough EARS+ examples to show that the security issue can be improved. Especially, more examples are needed to illustrate the transformation. <br>
    3. The related work section only describes the past studies. This paper does not discuss the shortcomings of each related approach and describe which is the state-of-the-art approach for the problem addressed in the paper. <br>
    4. The related work section does not consider studies of CPS security. If this is the focus of the paper, studies of CPS security should be also discussed in the related work section.<br>
    5. This paper only discusses the proposed framework in the experiment section. It does not include other framework(s) for comparison. Is EARS+ better than other approach(es) to solve the security problem in CPS systems?<br>
    6. The paper should be carefully revised. Many sentences are ambiguous. For example, "… where INPUT is used for input data, OUTPUT is used for output data and ACROSS is used for use data." on page 5, "… all general requirements ure, complex requirements CR, and data statements DR are obtained." on page 8, and "Table 4.2" on page 10. This paper also needs proofreading by a native English-speaking editor to correct typos and grammatical errors.
    <br><br>__________________________________________________<br>
    In compliance with data protection regulations, you may request that we remove your personal registration details at any time.  (Use the following URL: https://www.editorialmanager.com/ijseke/login.asp?a=r). Please contact the publication office if you have any questions.<br>
</div>
--------



<p ><strong>QRS</strong>有四个审稿意见，主要还是实验评估不行，motivation也不太清楚。</p>

============================================================================ 

QRS 2022 Regular Paper  Reviews for Submission #110

Title: Automatic generation of system-level test framework from semi-formal natural language
        Authors: Hui Liu and Zhi Z. Li

============================================================================

<center>REVIEWER #1</center>

Detailed Comments

Important topic and contribution.

Missing more larger practical examples and details about the tooling.

============================================================================

<center>REVIEWER #2</center>

Detailed Comments

The paper presents a method for the automatic generation of a system-level testing framework from a semi-formal natural language, EARS+. This language extends EARS (Easy Approach to Requirements Syntax), proposed more than 10 years ago at Rolls Royce to describe safety-critical systems.
EARS+ extensions add concepts such as time and data.  The EARS+ syntax is presented, detailing the differences from its predecessor. The paper also describes the transformation necessary to obtain the test framework. Finally, it contains an empirical study consisting of the use of the method in three applications. 

The subject is interesting in that it improves the tester's productivity as it allows the generation of a test framework.

The "security" aspects were not focused on the paper, although the Abstract and the Introduction mention that one of the main differences between EARS and EARS+ is that the latter can represent security requirements. 

Another point is the concept of security. The Introduction mentions that: "testing of security-critical systems helps to avoid unexpected behavior that could lead to catastrophic events". This concept is usually associated with safety-critical systems. I recommend the reference below for an agreed-upon taxonomy for such systems:

> :memo: Avizienis, A., Laprie, J.C., Randell, B. and Landwehr, C., 2004. Basic concepts and taxonomy of dependable and secure computing. IEEE transactions on dependable and secure computing, 1(1), pp.11-33.

The empirical evaluation is a bit vague. It is not clear how the analyzed results answered the research questions.

**Questions for Authors**

Some aspects that I would like to highlight:
- As motivation of the work, it is mentioned about use case specifications that "the latter are not the most original requirements of the stakeholders and only describe the use case of the system". Why do they not describe the original requirements? And more: why does the use of EARS+ have not the same problem, since the specification is also created manually?
- To answer RQ1, why not analyze the difficulty a practitioner has in describing requirements using EARS+ with respect to EARS, for example?
- About RQ2: what is meant by "complete test information"? How to measure that?
- About RQ3: I did not understand the reason for incorrect or duplicated messages in the test framework, since the requirements description was manually created. Similar words could not be avoided, at least after a review of the requirements?

============================================================================

<center>REVIEWER #3</center>

Detailed Comments

The paper proposes a method for automatically generating a system-level testing framework from a semi-formal natural language known as EARS+, which is an extension of EARS. The paper starts with explaining EARS+, which is not straight forward extension of EARS but not an  important one. So there is some novel contribution. The paper explains why this extension is necessary. The application of EARS+ requires a running example. Then the paper continues with research questions, which fit to the research well. Following those, the case study is presented. Here, the paper presents quantitative results but lacks qualitative evaluation. Although there is technical merit, the paper is too abstract. Reproducibility is low because the Xtext and Xtend codes are not shared.

============================================================================

<center>REVIEWER #4</center>

Detailed Comments

Authors of the papers present an approach to improve the Easy Approach to Requirements Systax (EARS) named EARS+, highlight the new characteristics like time and data in its description, and the possible improvement of the security characteristic of systems like Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), using theirs approach. They have also designed a test framework based on a test model with some algorithms to convert the EARS+ requirements into a describing test framework based. To finish, they have evaluated their approach using three use cases with good results.

 In my opinion, this paper addresses a current issue. The authors address clearly the problem and the approach to solve the problem found in the Easy Approach to Requirements Syntax. I would like that the authors consider the following suggestions to improve the paper.

- Checking the writing. In the text, there are some duplicate words, in the abstract and related works.
- In the text there are several acronyms that are not defined as "OCL" and are necessary for a good understanding of the text
